  在这个章节，我们将引导你测试原理“

this chapter, we will introduce you to the fundamentals of testing: why testing is needed; its limitations, objectives and purpose; the principles behind testing; the process that testers follow; and some of the psychological factors that testers must consider in their work. By reading this chapter you'll gain an understanding of the fundamentals of testing and be able to describe those fundamentals. 

I 1.1 WHY IS TESTING NECESSARY? 1 Describe, with examples, the way in which a defect in software can cause harm to a person, to the environment or to a company. (K2) 2 Distinguish between the root cause of a defect and its effects. (K2) 3 Give reasons why testing is necessary by giving examples. (K2) 4 Describe why testing is part of quality assurance and give examples of how testing contributes to higher quality. (K2) 5 Recall the terms 'mistake', 'defect', 'fault', 'failure' and the correspon ding terms 'error' and 'bug'. (Kl) 6 Explain the fundamental principles in testing. (K2)

1.1.1 Introduction In this section, we're going to kick off the book with a discussion on why testing matters. We'll describe and illustrate how software defects or bugs can cause problems for people, the environment or a company. We'll draw important distinctions between defects, their root causes and their effects. We'll explain why testing is necessary to find these defects, how testing promotes quality, and how testing fits into quality assurance. In this section, we will also introduce some fundamental principles of testing. As we go through this section, watch for the Syllabus terms bug, defect, error, failure, fault, mistake, quality, risk, software, testing and exhaustive testing. You'll find these terms defined in the glossary. 
